Update documentation for collecting Boolean string mBeans (#13334)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/faq/i-have-a-matching-bean-for-my-jmx-integration-but-nothing-on-collect.md

      service: master
    conf:
      - include:
          domain: Hadoop
          bean: "Hadoop:service=HBase,name=Master,sub=Server"
          [...]
            tag.isActiveMaster:
              alias: jmx.hadoop.hbase.master.server.tag.isActiveMaster

>               attribute:

Author: I'm not sure the original structure was correct, in the escalation this syntax caused the agent to panic: 

```tag.isActiveMaster:
  alias: jmx.hadoop.hbase.master.server.tag.isActiveMaster
  metric_type: gauge
  values:
    true: 1
    false: 0```

                tag.isActiveMaster:
                  metric_type: gauge

```

> Jmxfetch then knows it's a string and uses this rule to transform that into a numeric metric. Only string values are supported as keys with this custom mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note:** Boolean metrics are automatically mapped to integers.

Jmxfetch can identify this string and uses this rule to transform it into a numeric metric. Only string values are supported as keys with this custom mapping.
```
